yeah hot muy remove leftover feathers
and chicken giblets and dreams that you
can inside and out well mixed together
tumeric powder salt and oil
outer Lemongrab
leave a rolly sought the inside of the
chicken
stop with peppercorn onion ginger a few
lamb leaves and a little lemongrass
press the entire side of the chicken
with the turmeric mixture
you can skip the head and legs if you
want I cut off the head and legs and tie
to keep the presentation of the chicken
attractive
you
mr. doumergue mr. bian if necessary
I use a rice cooker to steam and it
worked very well
but it's best to steam in a clay pot put
in the salt and lemongrass nothing to a
bet put in the lamb leaves Romanian
onion and ginger finally place the
chicken on top put a few lamb leaves and
peppercorn on the chicken then start
cooking by pressing the white rice
button the rice cooker automatically
switches to the warm function every 20
minutes
I press the white rice button again each
time insert the thermometer into the
chicken thigh is done when the
temperatures which is 165 degree
it took me an hour and a half until a
chicken was done simply squeeze the lamp
juice under salt and pepper and serve
the chicken with Vietnamese coriander
you
of sorts is burns at the bottom of the
rice cooker it was not too bad but is
probably not a good idea to use an
expensive rice cooker for this steaming
matter
you